Non-Markovian dynamics of an open quantum system can be rigorously derived using the Feynman-Vernon influ- ence functional approach. Although this formalism is exact, practical numerical implementations often require compro- mises. We benchmark the TCL4 master equation against numerically exact methods for the biased spin-boson model. We focus on the regime near critical bath coupling where perturbative master equations are expected to become inaccurate. Our findings reveal that the Tcl4 approach is most reliable at low temperature and more efficient than the numerical exact methods. We have developed a fast numerical implementation of TCL423, reducing the triple integral to a single integration. The spin-boson model5 describes the system as spins and the environments as bosons with different energy ωk. To de- termine the domain of usability of the TCL4 perturbative mas- ter equation, the coupling strength to the bath will be chosen so that the master equation is near the edge of that domain. For an spectral density in Eqn. 5 with fDrude, the real correlation function become negative at early time at low temperature. The free dynamics of system and bath are easy to solve. The density matrix evolution in the interaction picture is described by Louiville- von Neumann equation. TCL generators are derived explicitly from the Eqn 8 by applying the Nakajima-Zwanzig technique. To make the equation time-local, the TCL master equations use a back-order propagator to transfer the time nonlocality in the memory kernel of the system to the bath function. In the paper, the inhomogeneous part is neglected given the factor- ized initial condition. Fourth- order master equation is written as 3 L (4) nm,i j(t)  N  a,b,c1 (cid:110) AnaAabAbcAciδ jmFcb,ci,ac( t)  Rcb,ab,bi(t),  Ria, jb,ni(t,  R.H.C, (18) where R.C is the bath operator. The combination of zeroth order and second order provides the widely known Redfield generator (or TCL2 generator in- terchangeably) The HEOM method is derived from the Feynman-Vernon influence functional formalism through intergration by parts. TEMPO represents the IF as a Matrix Product State (MPS), with the bath memory time limited by Kt . HEOM generates auxiliary density operators (ADOs) based on IFs density matrix derivatives. The number of exponential terms Nd deter- mines how accurately the bath correlation function is approxi- mated, where larger Nd improves precision but demands more resources. Our benchmarking explores variations in both the bath tem- perature and the system bias, denoted by θ . We begin by discussing the population and coherence dynamics for three different bias scenarios: small bias, medium bias, and large bias. As bias and temperature (T ) increase, the relaxation time of the system also increases. TCL4 is a result-reliable and computationally effective option at low temperatures, showing excellent consistency with TEMPO. At intermediate and high temperatures, population transport from the excited state becomes predominantly incoherent. TEMPO remains exact at low temperatures, but its computational complexity grows exponentially with the sim- ulation time. TCL4 remains more accurate than TCL2 at low and medium bias levels, but begins to lose reliability at higher biases. This suggests that TCL 4 becomes unusable at ex- cessively high temperatures. As the temperature increases, the error in popu- lation dynamics for both TCL1 and TCL3 starts to increase at intermediate bias values, although they continue to converge with TEMPO at zero. Time-averaged trace distance measures the average distin- guishability of two quantum states over a specified period. TCL4 is significantly more accurate at low temperature than TCL2. At high temperatures, the reliability of Tcl4 decreases as fluctuations in the noise kernel grow. While TCL3 maintains better accuracy under intermediate conditions, it degrades under high-bias conditions, often converging with or underperforming TCL 2. The only term that introduces temperature into the compu- tation is the hyperbolic function coth ω 2kBT in the integrand of the noise kernels. TEMPO pro- vides exact results but suffers from exponential scaling in computational complexity, making it impractical for long sim- ulation times or large systems. HEOM offers robust perfor- mance at moderate to high temperatures but struggles at low temperatures due to the extensive basis required for represent- ing the bath correlation function. TCL4 delivers consistent computational efficiency across all regimes, offer- ing a viable alternative in parameter spaces where exact meth- ods are computationally prohibitive. The relaxation rate solely depends on the real part of spectral density (J  J), which increases with increasing temperature. The dephasing rate does not increase monotonically with temperature. We apply a unitary transformation to the Bloch-Redfield tensor U  1  2    1 1 1 0 0 0 1 i 0 1 0 1 1   (A4) (A5) ( a6) (a7) The cubic equation yields three eigenvalues, 1 2 4 (cid:0)2  S  S. The BCF is calculated from Eqn. 6 at different temperatures. The first and last time points obtained after the fast Fourier transform (FFT) are tN and tN, respectively, with tN  Ndt. We observe that the relaxation rate is at maximum at T  2Ω and then quickly drops across the higher temperatures hinders relexation. The numbers in the table are the order of magnitude difference between different tN. and BCF calculated at tN 5  105. Fig. C.2: Coherence dynamics at different temperatures and bias of exponential cutoff fexp. TCL4 manifests its advantage at low temperature and its inability to operate at high temperatures of both coherence and population. How- ever, the difference is at high temperature and high dephasing area, where TCL 4 shows a signature of bouncing coherence. The diagram is more com- 12 2A. Strathearn, P. Kirton, D. Kilda, J. Keeling, and B. Lovett, Efficient non-markovian quantum dynamics using time-evolving matrix product op- erators. Time-convolutionless master equation: Per- turbative expansions to arbitrary order and application to quantum dots. Low- temperature dominance of TCL4 and the high-temperature, low-bias region are similarly to a Drude cutoff. In the case of pure dephasing, both TCL2 show no deviation from the exactness of the second-order TEMPO equation. Qutip-bofin: A bosonic and fermionic hierarchical-equations-of-motion library. Fig. C.3 (c) clearly manifests this area at temperatures above 4Ω. TCL4 introduces more error in addition to the second-order generator due to coher- ence reoccurrence, meaning the coherence becomes bouncing along the exact result. However, as soon as the bias shifts downward from θ  π2, the equations of TCL2 and TCL 4 cease to be exact and enter an error regime where TEMPO gains more deviation from the result.